Update my App Corner page.

I want:

A big "App Corner" title that looks cool.
Add an overlay gradient if possible. Don't modify the existing background itself. If that isn't feasible without changing the current background, simply leave it as-is.
Shelves that contain the apps, a bit like the Steam Library.

there are: (and they are put in this order)


Recent: this shelf just contains the last opened apps, this can be disabled in the same way all other Shelves can
Favorites: this is just one folder with all the favorited apps, it cant be disabled but only gets shown if at leat one app is favorited
Shelves: just the normal Shelves in order (as in AppCornerConfig.Shelves)
then there is an grey sutble expand/collapse arrow, which when clicker the disabled stuff: (they all have a button to restore them) ( by default its colapsed)
if recent is disabled id would land right here (greyed out)
then comes the shelf with the disabled apps (greyed out) ( only contains apps that were disabled individually, so not all the apps in a disabled folder land here)
then come the disabled Shelves (greyed out)



For the actual app cards:

I want a large image and title.
The description should take up very little space.
They should look cool and fit the style of the site.
The raw images will usually be 1000×600 px. This is not a requirement, just information in case it helps.
Every app card should show a star and an X when hovered, allowing it to be favorited or disabled.
If an app has no image, use some kind of placeholder.
You may delete the placeholder image paths from data.json.
Just make sure that something is always shown in place of the image.
Whenever any changes are made, update the backend.

If you have any questions, ask. Otherwise, let's go.

p.s. i have mispelled Shelves mulitple times thouout the code please rewrite that
p.p.s if my code contains errors or anystuff that doesnt make sense make it better


this is the modelf for the appconfig:  you wont need the rest of models.py


